Hey, I am Ojaswini Prabhune from Pune, Maharashtra, India. I am currently a UI UX Designer at Existence · Part-time and I am not open to work currently.
    
I like to introduce myself as follows : 

Hey, I am Ojaswini Prabhune, welcome to my profile

Since I discovered that design is my cup of tea, I started learning UI/UX. Currently developing my skills and striving to achieve professional excellence. The Indian parents mantra says: get a B-Tech degree, work for a big company, get lots of money, get featured in India’s top newspapers and live happily ever after. Similarly, I got into Artificial Intelligence & Data Science Engineering but later, I realized that I have a keen interest in designing and all my small achievements in creativity can turn into my dream career. I believe that art has the potential to reflect our lives and a deep thinking artist can handle life beautifully. Small things like the lighting in a photo or the details in a handmade sketch thrill me, and reflect my love for art.

You can check my other profiles at the given link. Also I am open to any creative ideas in art. If you have one, feel free to contact me anytime at the contact details in this profile.

Thankyou for visiting my profile and I am sure that the next time you visit, I would have learned a bit more, cause at the end all of life is only learning.
    
My work experience is as follows :

1. UI UX Designer at Existence · Part-time
Work duration is from Oct 2023 to Present, a total of 1 mo at Pune, Maharashtra, India · Remote.

I like to describe the job as follows :
Skills: UI UX Design · UI UX Research · Figma (Software)
Skills:UI UX Design · UI UX Research · Figma (Software)

        
    
My education details are as follows :

1. Bachelor of Engineering - BE, Artificial Intelligence at Savitribai Phule Pune University

Learning duration is from 2021 - to .

I like to describe the experience as follows :



        
2. Jun 2019 - Jun 2021 at Vardhaman College

Learning duration is from no data found to no data found.

I like to describe the experience as follows :



        
3. Jun 2006 - Jun 2019 at St Patrick's High school pune

Learning duration is from no data found to no data found.

I like to describe the experience as follows :

Grade: 10
Grade: 10