Hey, I am Sara Shaikh from Pune, Maharashtra, India. I am currently a Member at PICT IEEE Student Branch (PISB) and I am not open to work currently.
    
I like to introduce myself as follows : 

Thanks for Visiting!

I am 
-A Computer Engineering student.
-Always working to better myself by improving my knowledge related to Technical and Non-Technical Domains.
-An aspiring student waiting for opportunities to grab!

My interest
-Computer Science
-Engineering
-AI and ML
-Computer Vision

My Hobbies
-Graphic Designing
-Volunteering
-Reading books
-Playing Badminton.
    
My work experience is as follows :

1. Member at PICT IEEE Student Branch (PISB)
Work duration is from Jan 2022 to Present, a total of 1 yr 10 mos at .

I like to describe the job as follows :


        
2. Content and design Member at Codechef PICT Chapter
Work duration is from Feb 2022 to Present, a total of 1 yr 9 mos at Pune, Maharashtra, India.

I like to describe the job as follows :
Skills: Problem Solving
Skills:Problem Solving

        
3. BA3 Intern at Barclays · Internship
Work duration is from Jun 2023 to Aug 2023, a total of 3 mos at Pune, Maharashtra, India · Hybrid.

I like to describe the job as follows :
Configured the RUM agent for the application to monitor front-end transactions.
Improved Application Performance by analyzing the transactions using APM agent in the ESaaS tool.
Configured the RUM agent for the application to monitor front-end transactions. Improved Application Performance by analyzing the transactions using APM agent in the ESaaS tool.
Skills: Analytics · Analytical Skills · Esaas · RUM · Elastic Stack (ELK) · APM
Skills:Analytics · Analytical Skills · Esaas · RUM · Elastic Stack (ELK) · APM

        
4. Website Developer at appmandillc · Internship
Work duration is from Oct 2021 to Dec 2021, a total of 3 mos at United States.

I like to describe the job as follows :
I designed the website for the company. Also designed the logo, posters and postal cards that were to be used by the Authorities. Content writing was one of the work that I learnt from my seniors. This opportunity helped me to keep the work updated and well documented. In a nutshell, I learnt a lot from my mentor who guided me in technical as well as non technical skills.
I designed the website for the company. Also designed the logo, posters and postal cards that were to be used by the Authorities. Content writing was one of the work that I learnt from my seniors. This opportunity helped me to keep the work updated and well documented. In a nutshell, I learnt a lot from my mentor who guided me in technical as well as non technical skills.

        
5. Sub Head of Creative Technical Team at Kode IT Solutions · Internship
Work duration is from Jun 2020 to Aug 2020, a total of 3 mos at Pune, Maharashtra, India.

I like to describe the job as follows :
Great experience to work at Kode IT Solutions !
Great experience to work at Kode IT Solutions !
Skills: Strategic Planning
Skills:Strategic Planning
Certificate_of_Internship_Completion_Sara Saeed Shaikh (1).pdf
Certificate_of_Internship_Completion_Sara Saeed Shaikh (1).pdf

        
    
My education details are as follows :

1. Bachelor of Engineering - BE, Computer Engineering at Pune Institute of Computer Technology

Learning duration is from Dec 2021 to Jul 2024.

I like to describe the experience as follows :



        
2. Diploma, Computer Engineering at Cusrow Wadia Institute Of Technology

Learning duration is from 2018 - to 2021.

I like to describe the experience as follows :

Grade: 98.24
Grade: 98.24

        
3. SSC at Sardar Dastur Girls High School

Learning duration is from 2003 - to .

I like to describe the experience as follows :

Grade: 91 %
Grade: 91 %
Activities and societies: Blue Belt in Karate 
Abacus
Batminton Player
Activities and societies: Blue Belt in Karate Abacus Batminton Player
Dastur was definately my second home!
Dastur was definately my second home!